docs: handling "System limit for number of file watchers reached" error (#25551)
apache/superset: CONTRIBUTING.md

export NODE_OPTIONS=--no-experimental-fetch
```

> If Following type of error comes while running dev server(i.e using above commands):

Reviewer: Please specify why would this error occur.

```bash
Error: ENOSPC: System limit for number of file watchers reached
```
The meaning of this error is that the number of files monitored by the system has reached the limit!

Do the following to Modify the number of system monitoring files :
```bash

> sudo gedit /etc/sysctl.conf

Reviewer: gedit may not be available on all operating systems. It is worth adding a comment saying `Use appropriate text editor for your OS`.

```
Add a line at the bottom
```bash

> fs.inotify.max_user_watches=524288

Reviewer: How do you decide this value? Please add commands to get the current value. 
It's worth adding a comment asking to `identify current value and make a decision based on that`. 

Also, Please mention that value needs to be decided based on the system memory: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/535768/what-is-a-reasonable-amount-of-inotify-watches-with-linux

Reviewer 2: I added a link to this StackOverflow post as a suggestion above - thanks for finding it!

export NODE_OPTIONS=--no-experimental-fetch
```

If while using the above commands you encounter an error related to the limit of file watchers:

```bash
Error: ENOSPC: System limit for number of file watchers reached
```
The error is thrown because the number of files monitored by the system has reached the limit.
You can address this this error by increasing the number of inotify watchers.

The current value of max watches can be checked with:
```bash
cat /proc/sys/fs/inotify/max_user_watches
```
Edit the file /etc/sysctl.conf to increase this value.

> The value needs to be decided based on the system memory.[(see this StackOverflow answer for more context)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/535768/what-is-a-reasonable-amount-of-inotify-watches-with-linux)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value needs to be decided based on the system memory [(see this StackOverflow answer for more context)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/535768/what-is-a-reasonable-amount-of-inotify-watches-with-linux).
```

Open the file in editor and add a line at the bottom specifying the max watches values.
```bash
fs.inotify.max_user_watches=524288
```
Save the file and exit editor.

> Run following command to load the updated value of max_user_watches from sysctl.conf

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To confirm that the change succeeded, run the following command to load the updated value of max_user_watches from sysctl.conf:
```

export NODE_OPTIONS=--no-experimental-fetch
```

> If Following type of error comes while running dev server(i.e using above commands):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If while using the above commands you encounter an error related to the limit of file watchers:
```

```bash
Error: ENOSPC: System limit for number of file watchers reached
```
The error is thrown because the number of files monitored by the system has reached the limit.

> The error can be fixed by increasing the amount of inotify watchers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can address this this error by increasing the number of inotify watchers.
```

> Do the following to Modify the number of system monitoring files :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The current value of max watches can be checked by below command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The current value of max watches can be checked with:
```

Reviewer 2: This PR sometimes says "watches" and sometimes "watchers" - is it correct that both terms get used in this context?

```bash
cat /proc/sys/fs/inotify/max_user_watches
```
Edit the file /etc/sysctl.conf to increase this value.

> The value needs to be decided based on the system memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value needs to be decided based on the system memory [(see this StackOverflow answer for more context)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/535768/what-is-a-reasonable-amount-of-inotify-watches-with-linux).
```

Open the file in editor and add a line at the bottom specifying the max watches values.
```bash
fs.inotify.max_user_watches=524288
```

> save the file  and exit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Save the file and exit
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Can you add a line before this command explaining what it does?

Author: done
